all right I think I see it right there
it looks like it's a blue and white that
where all the money's at let's go find
out we'll check this out we actually
scored this is a bonus park here look at
that
walking distance there's one more how
about that it's gonna be a good day
today I think all right guys here we are
add some swings right there yeah lots of
sand yeah this looks pretty good pretty
good so far and like I said look at that
we strike out here a little hop skip and
a jump to another one sweet with all
this grass you know they got some good
soccer games going on here so a lot of
sideline action I bet there's a lot of
coins out here see what we can do oh man
first fight of the day there's kids rap
all right little four-inch dig and when
we come up with here a penny
oh look at that my first nickel the day
all right got a plug out right there go
ahead oh wait Shiva see it it's a pull
tab and it's growing new all right man I
thought I had to dig of the century
check this out
is going off everywhere till I found out
off on the structure to the playground
hey now we're talking
Oh little tea dad found a penny all
right so yeah
digging out here we had some beeps
whoa